Livestream instructions (#741)
publiccodenet/about: activities/live-streaming/post-production.md

---
type: guide
explains: how to do post-production a live stream
---

# Post-producing a live stream

When doing post-production of a 'Let's talk about  public code' [live stream](index.md), there are some steps to remember.

> - Follow up of attendees/viewers: connect them to a Call to Action such as [sign up for our tailored-to-your-preferences-newsletter](https://forms.gle/gn7wR2Eaxbv5g1BF9).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Attendee and viewer follow up: connect them to a Call to Action such as [sign up for our tailored-to-your-preferences-newsletter](https://forms.gle/gn7wR2Eaxbv5g1BF9).
```

- Cut an audio version and upload to [Podbean](../tool-management/podbean.md).

>   - Cut out log pauses, coughs and other noise, but try to keep the content similiar to the recording.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Cut out log pauses, coughs and other noise, but try to keep the content similar to the recording.
```

  - Compress and normalize.
  - Cut out the long intro audio for a shorter audio intro.

>   - Change the outro audio for a complete version.

Reviewer: What does 'a complete version' mean?

Author: In the live stream, it's almost impossible to time the audio to stop at the same time as the stream, so it is usually cut off too early. This step intends to have the audio run to its natural end.

> - Post a blogpost with the link to the video and also the audio.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Post a blogpost](../communications/blogging.md) with the link to the video and the audio.
```

> - Social media campaign ending.

Reviewer: Does this need a verb? Does it include publicly thanking the guest again?

Author: Hmm. Yes, it needs something more. @AlbaRoza I copied this from your notes, how can we clarify this?

> - Some time after the show, take a look at the metrics (number of views, number of people that signed up, increase on number of leads that reach out to us later on, number of clicks in our blogposts, videos, audios, social media, etc.). Iterate, engage and act according to prior data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Some time after the show, take a look at the metrics (number of views, number of people that signed up, increase in number of leads that reach out to us later on, number of clicks in our blogposts, videos, audio, social media, etc.). Iterate, engage and act according to prior data.
```

> - Request feedback from the audience and the guest.

Reviewer: Suggestion: make this: 'send guest a thank you email with request for feedback'. Move requesting audience feedback to, say, the blogpost or end of the podcast.
